# Problems while working on major project
One of the first major problems I encountered while working on my cookie clicker game was the inability of P5JS's built in mouse and keyboard functions to integrate in a clean way with my code. The way I solved this problem was by educating myself on Javascript classes and coming up with a way to handle user input without using the P5JS library. I did accomplish this by writing a simple function which checked if the mouse was on top of a given object, and implemented it into every interactive object in the game. Later I extended this in a similar way by using eventListeners to handle keyboard input for minigames.

I encountered my second major problem when I was working on my window manager for use within the game. Originally, my game had classes with content and those classes would simply spawn a window behind itself so for visuals. However, the window and the content often disagreed on when to close, causing issues. So, I came up with a way to instead create a window and put content inside that window by giving the window an array called contentToRun. I would push content into this array by calling a command in the scope of the window by using .call with pre-programmed functions which pushed the correct content into the window. This eventually led to a very good window manager that worked perfectly with my mouse input handler.

My third major problem occured after I rethought and upgraded my window manager. I ran into many scenarios where I wanted to run basic functions from within objects, but then have those functions be run in a different objects so that the variables of that object could be changed at will. I discovered and learned how to use .bind(), which has been an incredibly useful javascript tool in my code. Because of .bind I was able to create functions that I wanted to affect a specific object, but from within a different object and even at a different time.

# Reflection on major project
Although I would not consider my major project a complete game, my objective was not to complete one. I set myself programming goals and I believe I achieved them. Due to this I think that as a programmer I have come a long way this semester and have learned many new concepts but also expanded my ability to problem solve. The work I have done on my major project this semester will prove very useful if I ever make another game in the future, as I now have some experience in creating a basic 'engine', handling data, programming sequences, etc.